eos l2 interfaces (#11)
ansible-network/resource_module_models: models/eos/l2_interfaces/deleted_example_01.txt

# Using deleted

# Before state:
# -------------
#
# veos2#show running-config | s int
# interface Ethernet1
#    switchport access vlan 20
# !
# interface Ethernet2
#    switchport trunk native vlan 20
#    switchport mode trunk
# !
# interface Management1
#    ip address dhcp
#    ipv6 address auto-config

> - name: Delete EOS L2 interfaces as in given arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- name: Delete L2 attributes of given interfaces (Note: This won't delete the interface itself).
```

>   eos_interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  eos_l2_interfaces:
```
